Q1. What is a probability distribution, exactly? If the values are meant to be random, how can you
predict them at all?

>> A probability distribution is a mathematical function that describes the likelihood of various outcomes in a random event. It is used to describe the probability of different possible outcomes in a random variable or set of random variables.

While the values generated by a probability distribution are considered random, they are not completely unpredictable. A probability distribution assigns a probability to each possible outcome, meaning that certain outcomes are more likely to occur than others. 

Q2. Is there a distinction between true random numbers and pseudo-random numbers, if there is
one? Why are the latter considered “good enough”?

>> True random numbers are generated from an unpredictable source, such as atmospheric noise or radioactive decay, and are therefore considered truly random. In contrast, pseudo-random numbers are generated by deterministic algorithms that use a starting value, called a seed, to generate a sequence of numbers that appear to be random but are actually predictable.

They are considered good enough because although true random numbers are ideal, they can be difficult or even impossible to generate in practice. Pseudo-random numbers, on the other hand, can be generated easily and quickly using a computer algorithm

Q3. What are the two main factors that influence the behaviour of a "normal" probability distribution?

>> Mean and Standard deviation

Q4. Provide a real-life example of a normal distribution.

>> Height distribution of all male students in a class

Q5. In the short term, how can you expect a probability distribution to behave? What do you think will
happen as the number of trials grows?

>> In the short term, the actual results may deviate from the expected results. However, as the number of trials grows, the behavior of the probability distribution tends to become more predictable and closer to the expected results. This is due to the Law of Large Numbers

Q6. What kind of object can be shuffled by using random.shuffle?

>> The random.shuffle function in Python can be used to shuffle any mutable sequence object, such as a list or a tuple.

Q7. Describe the math package's general categories of functions.

>> The math package in Python provides several mathematical functions, which can be broadly categorized as follows:

Trigonometric functions: These include functions like sin, cos, tan, asin, acos, atan, etc., which are used to perform trigonometric calculations.

Hyperbolic functions: These include functions like sinh, cosh, tanh, asinh, acosh, atanh, etc., which are used to perform hyperbolic calculations.

Exponential and logarithmic functions: These include functions like exp, log, log10, pow, sqrt, etc., which are used to perform exponential and logarithmic calculations.

Numeric functions: These include functions like fabs, factorial, fmod, floor, ceil, etc., which are used to perform various numeric operations like finding absolute values, factorials, moduli, rounding off, etc.

Special functions: These include functions like erf, erfc, gamma, lgamma, etc., which are used to perform various special mathematical operations like calculating the error function, gamma function, etc.

Q8. What is the relationship between exponentiation and logarithms?

>> Exponentiation and logarithms are inverse operations of each other.

Q9. What are the three logarithmic functions that Python supports?

>> math.log(), math.log10(), math.log2()
